[EDITS]Copy to edit (#944)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: Edits/azure-service-bus-management-connector-studio.adoc

= Use Studio to Configure Azure Service Bus Management 1.0 - Mule 4

Anypoint Studio (Studio) editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To add and configure a connector in Studio:

. <<create-mule-project,Create a Mule project>>.
. <<add-connector-to-project,Add the connector to your Mule project>>.
. <<configure-input-source,Configure an input source for the connector's flow>>.
. <<add-connector-operation,Add a connector operation to the flow>>.
. <<configure-global-element,Configure a global element for the connector>>.
. <<configure-other-fields,Configure the other connector fields>>.

> When you run the connector, you can view the app log. For information, see <<view-app-log,View the App Log>>.

Reviewer: "For information" isn't very robust for a reference: exactly what information, other than how to view the log?
Consider:
```suggestion
When you run the connector, you can view the app log, as described in <<view-app-log,View the App Log>>.
```

> 

Reviewer: The following is a GLOBAL change to the template; can you change it there as well as here?

> If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-config-use-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure a Connector]. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see the xref:azure-service-bus-management-connector-reference.adoc[Azure Service Bus Management Reference].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see Use Studio to Configure a Connector. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see Azure Service Bus Management Reference.
```
Move the actual links to See Also.

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

In Studio, create a new Mule project in which to add and configure the connector:

. In Studio, select *File > New > Mule Project*.
. Enter a name for your Mule project and click *Finish*.

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

> Add Anypoint Connector for Azure Service Management (Azure Service Bus Management Connector) to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:

Reviewer: Bus
```suggestion
Add Anypoint Connector for Azure Service Bus Management (Azure Service Bus Management Connector) to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and to add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:
```

. On the *Listener* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify a value for the *Path* field.
. Click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of `HTTP Listener` in the app.
. On the *General* tab, specify connection information.
. On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify TLS information.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specific server.
. Click *OK*.

[[add-connector-operation]]
== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you immediately define a specific operation for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for Azure Service Bus Management Connector, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Azure Service Bus Management* and then select the desired operation.
. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas to the right of the input source.

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

> When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Azure Service Bus instance. Azure Service Bus Management Connector supports Shared Access signature (SAS) authentication.

Reviewer: per term presentation list:
```suggestion
When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Azure Service Bus instance. Azure Service Bus Management Connector supports shared access signature (SAS) authentication.
```

> To configure the global element for Azure Service Bus Management Connector, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Is this where the additional configuration information really belongs?

. Select the name of the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.

> . On the *General* tab, configure Shared Access Signature (SAS) authentication by entering values for these fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *General* tab, configure shared access signature (SAS) authentication by entering values for these fields:
```

+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |User Action
|Service Namespace |Namespace for the Azure Service Bus Service within your subscription
|Shared Access Key Name | Name of your SAS token
|Shared Access Key | SAS token
|===
+

> The following screenshot shows an example of configuring Shared Access Signature (SAS) authentication. This screenshot uses property placeholders in place of field values. For information on using property placeholders, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].

Reviewer: GLOBALLY lowercase SAS spelling.
Reworded to avoid "placeholders in place of."
```suggestion
The following screenshot shows an example of configuring shared access signature (SAS) authentication. This screenshot uses property placeholders for field values. For information about using property placeholders, see Anypoint Connector Configuration.
```
Do we really need the xref?
If so, move to See Also.

+
.SAS authentication fields
image::azure-sb-mgmt-authentication.png[To configure SAS authentication, complete the fields on the *General* tab.]
+
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

> 

Reviewer: ...or maybe this is where the additional config. item really belongs....

[[configure-other-fields]]
== Configure the Other Connector Fields

After you configure a global element for Azure Service Bus Management Connector, configure the other required fields for the connector operation.

For example, to create or update a queue or topic, use the `Create or Update Entity` operation and complete these fields:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |Description
|Entity (Queue or Topic) | Enter the name of the entity to create or update.
|If Match |
To update an existing entity, set this header to `*`. Otherwise, leave this field blank.
|Content | Enter the queue description or topic.
|===

[[view-app-log]]
== View the App Log

You can view the app log as follows:

> * If you’re running the app from the Anypoint Platform, the output is visible in the Anypoint Studio console window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you’re running the app from Anypoint Platform, the output is visible in the Anypoint Studio console window.
```

* If you’re running the app using Mule from the command line, the app log is visible in your OS console.
Unless the log file path was customized in the app’s log file (`log4j2.xml`), you can also view the app log in this default location:
`MULE_HOME/logs/<app-name>.log`

> For more information about the app log, see xref:mule-runtime::logging-in-mule.adoc[Configuring Logging].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the app log, see Configuring Logging.
```
Move link to See Also.

== Next Step

See xref:azure-service-bus-management-connector-config-topics.adoc[Additional Configuration Information] for more configuration information.

> 

Reviewer: Yeah...I really think we should not have to send them to a whole new topic just to describe this one impediment. That info belongs in the global element config info here.
